[OSDOCS-6989] Control plane machine sets for clusters on RHOSP (#66212)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cpmso-yaml-failure-domain-openstack.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * machine_management/cpmso-configuration.adoc

:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="cpmso-yaml-failure-domain-openstack_{context}"]
= Sample {rh-openstack} failure domain configuration
// TODO: Replace that link.

> The control plane machine set concept of a failure domain is analogous to existing {rh-openstack-first} concept of an link:https://docs.openstack.org/cinder/latest/admin/availability-zone-type.html[_Availability Zone (AZ)_]. The `ControlPlaneMachineSet` CR spreads control plane machines across multiple failure domains when possible. 

Reviewer: I don't think that link should be used. I prefer this one: https://docs.openstack.org/nova/latest/admin/availability-zones.html

Author: ```suggestion
The control plane machine set concept of a failure domain is analogous to existing {rh-openstack-first} concept of an link:https://docs.openstack.org/nova/latest/admin/availability-zones.html[availability zone]. The `ControlPlaneMachineSet` CR spreads control plane machines across multiple failure domains when possible. 
```

> When configuring {rh-openstack} failure domains in the control plane machine set, you must specify the availability zone name and the subnet to use. 

Reviewer: the subnet?

Author: Not a fan of this whole description. Will replace.
